Document the process for using your own image repository (#281)
konflux-ci/docs: modules/building/pages/creating.adoc

In quay.io web UI, go to your organization and click on *Create New Repository*, fill out repository name
and visibility and click on *Create Public/Private Repository* button.
eg. `quay.io/test_organization/own-repository`

Create robot account in your organization and grant write permission to your repository,
you can also create another robot account only with read permissions.

In quay.io web UI, go to your organization, click on *Robot Accounts* in the left menu,
then click on *Create Robot Account*, fill out name of robot account and click on *Create robot account* button,
in the list of repos find your repository and set *write* permission for it and then click on *Add permissions* button.

When you click on the newly created robot account on *Robot Accounts* page, you can get details of the account.
In the openened popup for the account first you will see credentials *Username* and *Token* (we will use them later),
when you click on *Kubernetes Secret* you can download secret yml file (we will use it later).

Now we will have to create secret with repository credentials.

=== Creating Secret via {ProductName} UI

> xref:building:creating-secrets.adoc#example-of-creating-a-quay-io-secret[create a secret]
> 
> This will also add secret to service account `appstudio-pipeline` which will be used for build pipeline.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can now xref:building:creating-secrets.adoc#example-of-creating-a-quay-io-secret[create a secret] with the credentials above. Make sure to use the most narrowly valid scope for the `registry server address` field when adding the secret. When adding the secret with the UI, it will automatically be added to the `appstudio-pipeline` service account so that it can be leveraged by builds.
```

Author: updated

. Once the PR is made, a build pipeline should start. You can track its progress in the {ProductName} UI or you can see the final status in GitHub after the pipeline completes. If the pipeline is successful, you can merge the PR.

== Using different from default image repository

When using ImageRepository object, you will end up with image repository in

> a default repository, if you want to use your own repository

Reviewer 2: default **organization**

Author: ok

don't create ImageRepository and follow this section.

Create your own repository in quay.io (or other registry, our example will be for quay.io)

> In quay.io web UI, go to your organization and click on *Create New Repository*, fill out repository name

Reviewer 2: fill out -> fill in

Author: ok

and visibility and click on *Create Public/Private Repository* button.
eg. `quay.io/test_organization/own-repository`

Create robot account in your organization and grant write permission to your repository,
you can also create another robot account only with read permissions.

In quay.io web UI, go to your organization, click on *Robot Accounts* in the left menu,
then click on *Create Robot Account*, fill out name of robot account and click on *Create robot account* button,
in the list of repos find your repository and set *write* permission for it and then click on *Add permissions* button.

When you click on the newly created robot account on *Robot Accounts* page, you can get details of the account.
In the openened popup for the account first you will see credentials *Username* and *Token* (we will use them later),

> when you click on *Kubernetes Secret* you can download secret yml file (we will use it later).

Reviewer 2: We sorta repeating quay docs... but since it's already here let's keep

. Once the PR is made, a build pipeline should start. You can track its progress in the {ProductName} UI or you can see the final status in GitHub after the pipeline completes. If the pipeline is successful, you can merge the PR.

== Using different from default image repository

When using ImageRepository object, you will end up with image repository in

> `quay.io/redhat-user-workloads/workspace-tenant/`, if you want to use your own repository

Reviewer: This isn't strictly true. This is where we have configured our controller to push content.  Can you just generalize this since we are in the upstream docs?

It doesn't matter where the repo is. What matters is that it is a repository of the build platform's choosing and access will be given to your SAs.

. Once the PR is made, a build pipeline should start. You can track its progress in the {ProductName} UI or you can see the final status in GitHub after the pipeline completes. If the pipeline is successful, you can merge the PR.

== Using different from default image repository

When using ImageRepository object, you will end up with image repository in
`quay.io/redhat-user-workloads/workspace-tenant/`, if you want to use your own repository

> don't create ImageRepository and follow this section.

Author: again I don't want to have information scattered but have concise guide

Create your own repository in quay.io (or other registry, our example will be for quay.io)

In quay.io web UI, go to your organization and click on *Create New Repository*, fill out repository name
and visibility and click on *Create Public/Private Repository* button.
eg. `quay.io/test_organization/own-repository`

Create robot account in your organization and grant write permission to your repository,
you can also create another robot account only with read permissions.

In quay.io web UI, go to your organization, click on *Robot Accounts* in the left menu,
then click on *Create Robot Account*, fill out name of robot account and click on *Create robot account* button,
in the list of repos find your repository and set *write* permission for it and then click on *Add permissions* button.

When you click on the newly created robot account on *Robot Accounts* page, you can get details of the account.
In the openened popup for the account first you will see credentials *Username* and *Token* (we will use them later),
when you click on *Kubernetes Secret* you can download secret yml file (we will use it later).

Now we will have to create secret with repository credentials.

> === Creating Secret via {ProductName} UI

Author: I mean I could, I just wanted to have all at one page, also that page is called 'pull secrets' which is a bit confusing

> === Creating Secret via {ProductName} UI

Reviewer: We can fix the naming of the section if you want. We can just call it "creating-registry-secrets" if you want. I think it would be better to link out so that we don't have to keep track of all the locations where information needs to be corrected.

> === Creating Secret via {ProductName} UI

Author: well I've already changed it compared to what is in https://konflux-ci.dev/docs/building/creating-secrets/#creating-registry-pull-secrets

now I have there:

Enter `quay.io/test_organization/own-repository` in `Registry server address` (full repository path, in case whole namespace is using only custom repository `quay.io` can be specified if only one secret is present in the namespace for the registry, providing access to all repos)

. Login to {ProductName} console your workspace (https://console.redhat.com/application-pipeline/workspaces/<your workspace>/applications)
. Click on `Secrets` on the left menu.
. Click on `Add Secret`
. Choose `Image pull secret` for `Secret type`
. Enter `Secret name` , for example `my-quay-secret`
. Choose `Image registry credentials` in `Authentication type` field
. Enter `quay.io` in `Registry server address`
. Enter your Quay.io username in `Username` (from *Robot Accounts* page described above)
. Enter your Quay.io API token in `Password` (from *Robot Accounts* page described above)
. Click on `Add secret`
. Email is optional

This will also add secret to service account `appstudio-pipeline` which will be used for build pipeline.

[IMPORTANT]
====
If you will be also using in your namespace repositories created via ImageRepository, or
different quay.io organization, during creation of the secret when specifying `Registry server address`
you will have to enter full repository name `quay.io/test_organization/own-repository`

> ====

Author: if they will use just their own repo they can just create secret for 'quay.io' like is mentioned during creation

but if they will use also imageRepositories, they have to create secret for full path, to not have conflicts

> ====

Author: but I'll remove that  important and just use full path by default

> === Creating Secret manually

Author: again, that creating secrets page is too general, and it will be together like this
